doc: make developer guide great again (by making it a book) (#17521)
risingwavelabs/risingwave: docs/README.md

## Developer guide

> After you learn about the basics of RisingWave, take a look at our [developer guide](https://risingwavelabs.github.io/risingwave/). It'll help you up to speed with the development process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you learn about the basics of RisingWave, take a look at our [developer guide](https://risingwavelabs.github.io/risingwave/) to get up to speed with the development process.
```
